fix: Update README.md with the correct status page links (#22)
open-sauced/status: README.md

# [📈 Live Status](https://status.opensauced.pizza/): <!--live status--> **🟩 All systems operational**

> This repository contains the open-source uptime monitor and status page for [NightKnight](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmed-mohamed-atwa/), powered by [Upptime](https://github.com/upptime/upptime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the open-source uptime monitor and status page for OpenSauced, powered by [Upptime](https://github.com/upptime/upptime).
```

Probably can remove NightNight while we are here.
